Add LDAP auth rotation_url docs (#854)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.21.x (rc)/content/docs/auth/ldap.mdx

`rotation_period`, setting `disable_automated_rotation` also resets the credential
TTL.

#### Rotation URL

> Use [`rotation_url`](/vault/api-docs/auth/ldap#rotation_url) to provide the specific LDAP
> server URL that the bind account belongs to for rotating its credential. Use this in cases
> such as configuring an LDAP forest where the bind account belongs to only a single domain
> behind a load-balancer. Defaults to the same value as `url`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use [`rotation_url`](/vault/api-docs/auth/ldap#rotation_url) to provide the
specific LDAP server URL that the bind account belongs to for rotating its
credential. By default, `rotation_url` uses the value of `url`. Setting an
explicit `rotation_url` parameter is useful when you need to configure an LDAP
forest where the bind account belongs to only a single domain behind a
load-balancer. 
```
Style correction: avoid "this" as a pronoun
